We installed the router store package and we set it up you're in the app module but we don't really
see if it emits events and overall debugging our state changes isn't super trivial.
Sometimes we see our UI change but sometimes it's a blackbox to us.
WEBER The State of the application changed or not.
Would be nice if you could look into our application state at runtime and there is a convenient package
we can use for that.
It's called the store dev tools and we can install it via NPM too.
So it's NPM install save.
And then at N-G our X store dev tools like that.
Now the store dev tools also need a special Chrome extension so make sure to pull that too.
It's de Rydex dev tools extension.
You can fetch it from the Chrome Web store now.
I already got it installed but you can click add to Chrome here so you need to install these and probably
need to restart your browser thereafter.
Now what you also need to do is that once the store Deford's are installed you add them stored dev tools
and you need to at the store dev tools module to be precise.
Make sure to also add to import at the top from at Engy or x.
Store dev tools and make sure that you add in the imports array after you added store module.
It then isn't important if it's directly after it or not.
But you can't edit in front of it.
You also need to call a method on the store dev tools module that's the instrument method and you can
configure it.
They're all linked to the detailed instructions can be found at the end of this module where I do will
link you to the documentation for NCR X in general.
For me it's fine like this.
However I only want to add addy's if we're in the development environment.
So if we're not building for production to ensure this all imports something from the seal I'd set up
here all import the environment variable object so import environment from Dot and then dot dot and
varments and environment.
This is a file you can actually find indice environments folder.
This fall here and it helps his environment constant which is a javascript object with only one property
right now.
The production property is set to false initially but as to the near the top tells you if you run N.G.
Berrill prod it will actually be set to true.
Because here in the environment of prod file which is used in the production environment it is set to
true.
So this will be true if we're building for production and I'm importing this environment object here.
So what I can do now is I can simply check if we're not building for production.
So if this is false in this case I want to use the store def tools otherwise I'll pass an empty array
which just means don't add this module so it will now only be added if we're not building for production.
With that let me restart Engy serve to rebuild the project.
Make sure you have the redux Crome tools installed and then see how we use them.
Once this has restarted it did restart for me and I just notice we can change it as import but the more
important thing is it did restart.
It did compile.
So let's go back to the application and let's now open these chrome debug tools for Rydex.
You should fight them in your chrome developer tools under redux.
You clicked these arrows here.
Click on redox and it should open a window.
Once we start the application now it should work.
Now see here we already can see a couple of actions which happened which occurred for example router
navigation.
Now let me give you the size you see now at the top here.
Go to log in you see route navigation and this is an event and action which is actually the pet dispatched
by this router store we added.
Now if I do log in you see Try saying it's emitted then sign in then set token and then router navigation
as we navigate away.
And if you click one of these actions you can even see the payload if there is any.
So for example here if you click on try seinen and then on your own action you can check the payload
which is basically.
Well that's for trouble negation.
So tries and in payload username and password you can also see the state at this point of time.
So at this point of time here are the two parts of the state.
If we inspect all token Sinaloan we're still not authenticated.
One sign in was emitted this changed to true.
And once that token was set the token is safe here too.
And router navigation doesn't change anything anything about the off state but it holds its own payload
where we can for example see the router state and so on.
So this is super useful for debugging your state and definitely use the redox tools combined with the
store def tools.
If you're stuck if you're not sure if your actions are dispatched correctly and if your state is what
you expected to be.
Now go back to my console for now but I wanted to show you this.
It is a super useful tool.
Definitely use at.